sortApp
=======


I have kept it very simple and have left anything fancy out of it as its just a test application.
See below, instructions on how to run it:

(1) Enter a number in the 'number' column. 
(2) Click on the 'Add' button to add the number to the series. 
(3) The number appears with a 'Delete' button underneath it to allow you delete the number from the series if you so desire.
(4) A top counter displays how many numbers you have in the series (e.g. 2 number(s)). 
(5) You can add as many numbers as you like to the series by repeating steps 1 to 2 as often as you like.
(6) Once you are ready to submit, enter the email address you seek to receive the results from and click on the 'Sort' button. 
(7) The results are emailed to your entered email address (the sender email will be 'testappemail7@gmail.com'. I opened this email account solely for the purposes of this test). 
(8) The emailed result will have the following contents: 
    (a) Order Number: Auto-generated by the app to allow for unique identification of each processed series. 
    (b) Before Sorting : Shows the sequence in which the numbers were entered by the user. 
    (c) After Sorting: Shows the numbers sorted into ascending order (i.e. from least to highest). 

(9) The interface returns to default state (i.e. eradicating all the numbers of the processed series), allowing you to begin the entire process again if so desired.

Limitations:

Obviously, this is only a test app, so i left out anything fancy or rigorous. Things i could have included in a non-test app are (list is not exhaustive): 
(1) A more intuitive (and perhaps colourful) interface. 
(2) A limit on how many numbers a series can contain. 
(3) Give the user the option to choose desired sorting type (i.e. ascending or descending). 
(4) Notifying user upon emailing success (or failure as the case may be).

Note that i choose this number entering method over the 'comma delimited' approach because the latter is more error-prone in terms of user entering input.

Thats it really! Have fun.

Regards

Michael
